here's your lie there's your God you'll
have many friends by your side
accompanied by this frizzle teacher is
London it's time to explore the unknown
pictures each unique adventure will take
you on a magical journey into the
wonders of science take chances get
messy the same jump on scholastics but
Magic School Bus huh do yours well you
never know we are inside the mist
elastics the Magic School Bus you'll
find adventure on every turn
good evening class that's just the kind
of feel where iron would say you just
missed the coolest eruption team up with
your friends on scholastics the Magic
School Bus and experience the mysteries
of science it's your job as scientists
to look for connections learning
something new is fun you like
scholastics the Magic School Bus it's an
exploration with fascination
when you climb on scholastics from Magic
School Bus latest idea and history and
kid car oh thanks no scholastics
award-winning best-selling book series
just as long as we don't get blasted
rose toasted or a Jamie okay don't worry
Arnold that's not until next week look
for the newest episodes a bus asuras
taking flight and flexes its muscles
it's a fantastic field trip on every
bundle video adventure don't miss out on
any of these exciting journeys collect
them all you our video from PBS for
incredible adventure action and fun
watch adventures from a book of
Berkshire's hold on to your seat and
sack Annie and play-doh pronto take you
on amazing journeys
a girl named grease and the coolest
nations
it's the ultimate video series with the
greatest stories you'll want to watch
again and again good evenin captain the
adventure starts here with adventures
from the book of birch you collect them
all an enchanting new musical spin on a
timeless tale a tale of Cinderella
what is it daughter tell me what's the
say papa
each misty rain oh well a change and you
have so much laundry we will be good
friends
you always make friends this way oh
please will come party make magic make
magic
Oh
of Cinderella are you musical for the
whole family hold it on video
Oh awesome people love you doing